we as a society have progressed so much
when it comes to the feminist movement
and women empowerment or so we like to
think
what if I told you that I don't believe
that we have progressed as much as we
like to think we have
don't get me wrong I love having a
credit card
it's just I can't help but notice that
there is a particularly major industry
in our modern world that has lackluster
performance when it comes to the field
of women let's talk about the music
industry specifically the rap and
hip-hop genre one of the most popular
genres currently
originally it was pretty male dominated
it quickly changed as the popularity of
rap grew and became more diverse there
is a particularly important female
rapper who began to introduce this
diversity I don't know if you guys have
heard of her her name's Nicki Minaj uh
quite popular
Nicki Minaj topped the charts with her
music and set a new standard for rap
this quickly paved the way for other
rappers other female rappers
specifically to come onto the scene
now let's talk about the present Doja
cat another very popular RMB artist has
become the center of a lot of
controversy lately and for the past
couple years
she made a couple comments about how she
doesn't love her fans because she
doesn't personally know them and how her
two past albums were nothing but cash
grabs and did just a lot of generally
unlikable things that her fans don't
particularly appreciate and many news
sources began headlining her as
ungrateful rude and undeserving of the
Privileges that she has gained over the
years while valid in their opinion
opinion I find it interesting how much
attention a female artist gets for doing
something unappealing to the public eye
compared to a male artist
she actually hasn't necessarily done
anything wrong per se
problematic yes but ultimately
uh in her right to State those things
now let's talk about another artist very
similar to dogecat in terms of
popularity
Tori Lanes is a very popular male rapper
who in recent years has gained a massive
following as well
that's known for his music
he is also best known for being the one
to shoot Megan the stallion in the foot
before so he spent a lot of time and
money bashing and slandering Megan the
stallion and calling her a liar there's
a very serious crime so understandably
his fans were quite upset with him right
of course not of course they weren't
upset Not only was the backlash quite
minimal towards him for committing this
horrible crime
he actually had many supporters who
believed in what he was saying and still
to this day may not believe Megan the
stallion despite being convicted of the
crime in fact many people are more
outraged at the fact that he is serving
jail time instead of producing new music
I use these two artists as an example
but the truth is there is multiple
examples you can pick from throughout
history throughout the music industry
and all genres and all types there's
this sort of phenomenon where female
artists are held to a much higher
standard in view of the public eye
compared to male artists as they tend to
receive much less consequences for their
actions
I bring up this chart to visualize my
point
this chart shows how many famous women
artists were put into a conservatorship
for their personal mental health issues
compared to men who have been put into
conservatorship for their very personal
health issues
as you can see that is quite the
difference all joking aside there are
plenty of examples of a deeper issue
that we have with society today even
though the rap genre as a whole is
incredibly diverse now still ingrained
misogynistic ideas and thinking
that tends to be impressionable to many
fans
such as the songs themselves I will show
you a couple examples My Hope Is that we
start putting the same standards on male
artists that we do female artists
regardless of their gender if they do
something bad we should have the right
to call it out as the public and choose
to who to support and of course this
applies to all genres and all of our
culture as well
thank you